We won't get divorced.
Yes, sir, I understand.
No way, you're getting married?
Still with that young woman?
That girl seems very nice.
If you marry her,
it should give her a sense of security.
You shouldn't have not yet
settled things with her, right?
Don't come closer, what's up?
Recently, there are a few small
gangs acting restless nearby.
I was thinking,
how about we throw a party,
or a banquet,
to invite the leaders of
those few gangs.
Using this opportunity, to send a warning,
to prevent those guys from being restless all the time.
You arrange it.
Who's the boss, anyway?
This position of mine,
if you want it, you're welcome to it.
So, where should we hold the banquet?
Where would be a good place?
Then, let's choose my manor.
Give me your passport later.
What do you need my passport for?
I'll have the lawyer go to the consulate to take care of some things.
What things?
Not getting your birth certificate,
but your single certificate.
Why do you need my birth certificate?
Of course, to marry me.
Marry you?
Huo Jiuling,
why do you want to marry me?
Want to get married, then get married.
There aren't that many whys.
But, but I think,
marriage is something that two
people in love do.
And I don't like you,
how could I possibly marry you?